README.md, before:

# Advanced Web Assignment #2
University Advanced Web assignment #2.

# Installing
Before installing and running the project make sure you have the latest versions of node.js and npm.

Next run the following command to globally install some important packages we need:
```
$ npm i @angular/cli gulp gulp-typescript typescript -g
```

Next you can clone the GitHub repository:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/ebeenandgone/adv-web-2.git
```

Lastly make sure you run an npm install:
```
$ npm i
```

# Running (Development)
To run the server in development mode, follow these steps:
1. Run gulp to generate JavaScript files:
    ```
    $ gulp
    ```
    This will output into `/tsc` folder the generated JavaScript files. It will also watch for any changes to TypeScript files and automatically compile them.

2. Run the command:
    ```
    $ npm run dev
    ```
    This will concurrently run `node tsc/main.js` which is the server file, and `ng serve` which will serve the Angular project.

# Running (Production)
To run the server in production mode, follow the first step from the development branch, but for the second step run this command instead:
```
$ npm run prod
```

Commit message:

Converting Server to JS
Agreed that if we couldn't get the TypeScript version of the server to
work that we could go back to JavaScript as it has more support and we
know it works.

- Removed the gulp file and everything to do with it as we don't need it
any more.
- Moved the main file for the server to under /server.
- Re-wrote the package.json scripts to point to where the new main file
for the server is, and also added a new script that runs just the API.
- Re-wrote the server TypeScript files as JavaScript.
- Re-named the route, controller and model to follow a new
<name>.<type>.js convention.
- Removed all TypeScript files as they aren't needed.
- Updated README to reflect new changes.
- Added a Postman script that contains a test for posting to /order.

README.md, after:

# Advanced Web Assignment #2
University Advanced Web assignment #2.

# Postman
When using the Postman script you should create a new environment and set a variable under there called `port`. This variable is used to build the address the request will go to, so that we can change the port easily without having to update all the examples.

# Installing
Before installing and running the project make sure you have the latest versions of node.js and npm.

Next run the following command to globally install some important packages we need:
```
$ npm i @angular/cli -g
```

Next you can clone the GitHub repository:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/ebeenandgone/adv-web-2.git
```

Lastly make sure you run an npm install:
```
$ npm i
```

# Running (Development)
To run the server in development mode, run the command:
```
$ npm run dev
```
This will concurrently run `node server/server.js` which is the server file, and `ng serve` which will serve the Angular project.

If you wish to run the API on its own then run the command:
```
$ npm run api
```

# Running (Production)
To run the server in production mode, run the command:
```
$ npm run prod
```
This will concurrently run `node server/server.js` which is the server file, and `ng build --prod` will build the Angular project for production and output it to the `dist` folder for the API to serve.
